style: refine font (#49)
reearth/reearth-web: src/components/atoms/Text/README.md

## Usage

```tsx
import Text from "@reearth/components/atoms/Text";

> <Text size="m" weight="bold"> This a Text </Text>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Text size="m" weight="bold"> This a Text component</Text>
```

<Text size="l" weight="normal" color="red"> ここはテクストです </Text>

> <Text size="l" weight="normal" isParagraph={true}> if this is a paragraph, the line height should be 1.5. and if not a praragraph, it will be te default line height 1. </Text>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Text size="l" weight="normal" isParagraph={true}> If you set the Text component as a paragraph, the line height will become 1.5. Otherwise, it will be the default line height of 1. </Text>
```

<Text size="l" weight="normal" color="red" otherProperties={{ margin: "14px 0" }}> ここはテクストです </Text>

> ## if the text inside some component, and need some hover effect for example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## If you put text inside another component, and need more complex styling such as hover effects:
```

  <LongBannerButton
    align="center"
    justify="center"
    onClick={() => window.location.assign("http://docs.reearth.io")}>
  <MapIcon icon="map" />
  <Text size="m" weight="bold" customColor>
    {intl.formatMessage({ defaultMessage: "User guide" })}
  </Text>
  </LongBannerButton>

const LongBannerButton = styled(Flex)`
  background: ${props => props.theme.main.paleBg};
  width: 100%;
  color: ${props => props.theme.main.text};

  &:hover {
    background: ${props => props.theme.colors.bg[5]};
    color: ${props => props.theme.main.strongText};
  }
`;
```

## Properties

### className: string

### children: ReactNode

### color: string

### customColor: boolean

### size: 

- xl: 28
- l: 20
- m: 16
- s: 14
- xs: 12
- 2xs: 10

### isParagraph: boolean

> ​	if is paragraph, the line height will be 1.5, default is 1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
​	If isParagraph is true, the line height will be 1.5. Default is 1.
```

### weight:

- Normal: 400
- Bold: 700

### otherProperties: 

> CSS in line without "color" | "fontFamily" | "fontSize" | "lineHeight" | "fontStyle"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inline CSS, excluding: "color" | "fontFamily" | "fontSize" | "lineHeight" | "fontStyle"
```
